Script:

Ears ringing

Aliens giggling and gossiping

Alien 1: "I hear the fluffy ones are better producers~"

Alien 2: "Heh, no silly that's just a myth. It's actually the shy ones."

Rubber footsteps.

Kiba (though now he's known as Marshmallow): "Huh...? Wha... where am I?"

Valentine: "Excellent! You have regained consciousness just in time! We do like to have you conscious before we begin. Welcome aboard the Lovecraft you little cutie."

Marsmallow: "Why can't I move... what is this?! What's this holding me!?"

Valentine: "Standard issue production harness. You will grow used to it in time. (Overlap: Marshmallow: "I can't close my legs...!") "It is designed to keep you in the proper position while maintaining comfort for long durations."

Marshmallow: "Hey, this is r-really tight... lemme go, please?? Everyone's staring..."

Onlooking aliens giggle at his embarrassment.

Marshmallow: "This is humiliating!"

Valentine: "Alright 1147, up we go~"

Marshmallow: "1147..? I'm Kiba!" (Overlap: Computer: "Harness gravity disengaged." (though it should say 'engaged')) "You can't just-! WH-whoah! Whoah! I can't-! How am I... floating..!?"

Valentine: "Our ship has a selective gravity generator tuned to the harnesses. (Overlap: Marshmallow: "This feels weird..!") "It makes moving parts around a LOT easier."

Marshmallow: "Parts!? What do you mean parts!? Dammit I'm a bunny not cargo!"

(Rubber footsteps cont')

Marshmallow: "Mmmph! Lemme out of this thing, please! Everyone is staring, I can't move!"

Valentine (with some overlap): "Relax little bunny. You are adorable like this. Besides, we need you. Our ship was damaged by the intense barrage of radio noise and other signals your planet is broadcasting. Your kind is so careless with your technology. Honestly, you can't even master interstellar travel yet. Kind of cute if you think about it. Like infants learning to walk. Awww~!"

Marshmallow: "But what does that have to do with me? Why do you have me bound up like this? Where are you taking me!? Please.. I'm scared.."

Valentine: "Oh yes, I almost forgot! I keep getting distracted by just how cute you are! The interference completely disabled the power grid and emergency power will only last so long. We need to get underway immediately and our scans reveal that you will be perfect to give us a 'jump start' as you would say."

Marshmallow: "But I only know how to do that with cars. Not.. rubber.. spaceships? There's nothing LIKE this on Earth! I couldn't do that with my arms and legs folded up like this anyway! How do you expect me to be useful if I can't even move?"

Valentine: "Ohhhh no no no. You are plenty useful as you are! We don't need a mechanic. We need a new power source. Specifically one from this planet. And you are most compatible to our orgone feedback field generator. Your body - specifically your orgasms - will juice her right back up to full power while we are in this NOISY system."

Overlap: Door squelching open. (The one in the background of the picture used for the thumbnail)

Valentine Cont': "I bet she will just love the way your resonations feel.

Muffled voices moaning in the background.

Marshmallow: "Orgone feedback field? Orgasms?? *Gasp!* What are you gonna do to me!? I... I wanna go home..."

Muffled voices growing louder.

Valentine: "You ARE home 1147. See? Here's your berth. The resonator will power on momentarily. Just relax while we begin preparations little bunny rabbit."

Inflatable rubber pod being opened.

Valentine: "This is going to feel SO good..."

Pod being closed with Marshmallow inside.

Computer: "Power cell detected."

Valentine: "Oh come see this! It begins! I bet he will sound so cute when it engages.."

Overlap: Marshmallow: "No! Let me out! I wanna go home! You can't do this!"

Computer: "Motion dampeners engaged." The pod inflates further, tightening. "Life support engaging."

Marshmallow: "What the hell is thammh!" As he's muffled by a breathing mask. "Orgone generator located. Feedback field engaging."

Valentine: "You can feel it, can you not? Building within you, slowly but powerfully?"

Marshmallow: "No.. make it... make it stop.. I don't.. I don't want to... uhn.. uhhnnh!!"

Valentine: "Want to what? Achieve climax? I am able to watch your vital signs on my monitor. With our equipment it is as if I know your body better than you do. And it is clear you do, in fact, want to climax. More and more with each passing moment."

Overlap: Computer: "Beginning harvest cycle. Resonation frequency amplifying."

Marshmallow: "Wh-whyyyynnNNHH!!"

Valentine: "Such cute whimpers! I knew you were going to be just precious."

Sounds of rubber parts within the pod bringing the bunny to climax via rubbing, stroking, etc.

Marshmallow: "Ahhnh... hnnhhahn... o-ooh.. oh god! I feel... I.. hnnh! MMh! I'm gonna! MMmmmh! Ooohh my god!! HNNNH! MMHMMMHH! MMMHHH! Mmhhnnnh...!"

Computer: "Refractory inhibitor administered. Harvest cycle to speed in 20 seconds."

Marshmallow, realizing he isn't coming down from his peak. "Wh-what's happening to me!? Why am I still-!? EEHN! UUuuhhahhhhnnnnh!!"

Feedback field slowly powering up, humming firmly.

Valentine: "Yes, just relax and let it wash over you. Such a good bunny battery. See? I told you he would be perfect. Oh! He is exceeding production by at least 20%. That should get us through the next 12 sectors."

Moans and sounds of rubber continue. Valentine's rubber footsteps move away and back through the door she brought Marshmallow in through.

Computer: "Compatible subject for LovePuppy project found. Retrieval team to pod bay 4."

Computer: "Retrieval team has returned. Preparing for warp drive. Production increasing by 30 percent."

Computer: "Increasing warp factor. More orgone required."

Rubber machines amplify orgasmic production. Fade out.
